This folder contains the package manager operations for the 'pm'
multi-distro package manager front-end. It is hoped that this system
will eventually be comprehensive enough to extend pm support to
additional package managers (and maybe even additional operations!)
without having to modify or reference pm's code.


##### Operations #####

Each folder corresponds to an operation that pm supports. The symlinks
are for shorcut commands.

For example, "pm up" will check "up", find that it's a symlink
pointing to "upgrade", and then run the commands in "upgrade/$pm"
where $pm is the detected package manager name.


##### Sudo #####

Normally, pm will determine based on $EUID and the name of a command
whether or not it should prefix a command's invocation with
"sudo". However, if an operation folder contains a .no-sudo file, then
the commands for that operation are guaranteed not to use sudo, even
if they normally would.

For example, the "search" folder contains a .no-sudo file, so "pm
search pkg-name" will not use sudo, even if it runs a command like
pacman or apt-get that's usually used with sudo.


##### Package Manager Commands #####

Within each operation folder are several files named after the package
managers that pm runs. If pm is invoked with operation $op and finds
package manager $pm, then pm will run the commands found in the file
at $op/$pm.

In order to allow per-package-manager control over how pm's arguments
are handled, the variable "$args" in a command will be replaced with
any arguments that pm was passed after its operation. For example, if
pm is ran with "pm in shiny-package" and detects that your system's
package manager is ccr, then it will read the file at in/ccr, find
that it contains "ccr -S $args", and then run "ccr -S shiny-package".
